Submission/sec08_23242/makabaka/Proposal/readme.md, before:

## :mailbox_with_mail: Project Proposal

### :bulb: Synopsis & General Idea
> ***General Idea:*** <br>
> In an effort to share knowledge and promote resource availability for students and for people who struggle to gain access to professional readings and materials, a reference book exchange system emerged as a solution to many students’ and the interested public. It has the potential to become a beacon for in depth intellectual exchange. Unlike libraries where people are required to pay for a membership fee or obtain a certain identity status (such as students of a university) to gain access, the reference book exchange system we proposed allows access to all. Everyone is allowed to register as a user on our platform to be a loaner, a borrower, or even both! In this system, the chance of sharing professional knowledge is the same for everyone. Through this system, users can gain access to a multitude of information covering every subject without even needing to pay a penny! This platform promotes knowledge exchange and information sharing, thus will not cost users any money to utilize the platform. 
<br>
<br>

### :bookmark: Objectives & Purpose of System
->
<br>
<br>

### :mega: How To Use The System
->
<br>
<br>

### :chart_with_downwards_trend: Reporting & Output
->
<br>
<br>

### :hammer: Project Specifications
->

Commit message:

Add synopsis of proposal introduction

Submission/sec08_23242/makabaka/Proposal/readme.md, after:

## :mailbox_with_mail: Project Proposal

### :bulb: Synopsis & General Idea
> ***General Idea:*** <br>
> In an effort to share knowledge and promote resource availability for students and for people who struggle to gain access to professional readings and materials, a reference book exchange system emerged as a solution to many students’ and the interested public. It has the potential to become a beacon for in depth intellectual exchange. Unlike libraries where people are required to pay for a membership fee or obtain a certain identity status (such as students of a university) to gain access, the reference book exchange system we proposed allows access to all. Everyone is allowed to register as a user on our platform to be a loaner, a borrower, or even both! In this system, the chance of sharing professional knowledge is the same for everyone. Through this system, users can gain access to a multitude of information covering every subject without even needing to pay a penny! This platform promotes knowledge exchange and information sharing, thus will not cost users any money to utilize the platform. 
<br>

> ***Synopsis:*** <br>
> As mentioned above, our proposed reference book exchange system allows users to be a loaner and/or a borrower of reference materials. Users are free to explore the plentiful academic resources available on the platform and initiate their learning journeys according to their own pace. With reference books and professional readings within arm’s reach, our system will optimize their learning process without needing them to spend as much as they would if they choose to purchase all the desired materials at full price. In our system, users will go through different processes and be able to utilize different functionalities, such as exploring book listings, requesting book exchange, completing their user profile and more! Through these functionalities, we hope to create a system that students and learners would appreciate as a major source of information and knowledge. 
<br>

### :bookmark: Objectives & Purpose of System
->
<br>
<br>

### :mega: How To Use The System
->
<br>
<br>

### :chart_with_downwards_trend: Reporting & Output
->
<br>
<br>

### :hammer: Project Specifications
->
